>> Sarah Drasner: Okay, so lets talk
quickly about what this course is not and
what this course is.
This course is an course,
it's not a replacement for design school.
Design school is four years long and
then people often go to grad school.
And its not a replacement for spending
many, many, many years in the field.
In fact each thing that we touch on today,
every single deck that I show you
could be a course of it's own
that I could just devote.
I could devote an entire day to color,
well I could devote an entire, well,
I can devote an entire semester to layout.
So, what am going to do is I'm going
to give you lots of resources to work
from.but am also gonna try to
hit all of the major points so
that you at least have some foundations,
and you can work off of them, right?
This course is also not a way to feel
superior to people who are designers,
so don't go to work and be like I know
more than you now or something like that.
You know, people don't like that I hear,
especially if they've been
working in the field forever.
If, you know, a designer took
a course on Java Script for a day,
you wouldn't want them telling you how to
write the code same kind of difference.
You all know that I'm just
putting it out there so that,
everybody is at the same
understanding about this.
So, when we setup our projects
what I'm gonna ask you to do today
is to set it up in a folder.
And, you know, if you're not using
something like along these lines,
you can create a new project, dump it into
the sidebars so that it has easy access.
And then we're going to make
a couple of folders here as well.
So one of the folders that we're gonna
make is going to be called insp or
inspiration.
That's where we're gonna put things
that kind of feed our brains and,
get us excited about making
something than we're gonna put have
a filter called source that's where we're
gonna put the actual source images and,
actual fonts that we're
gonna be working with.
And then we're also going to have
depth which is where we start to
maybe you use the CLI tool to
create a project in there.
That can eventually become a GitHub repo.
So the nice thing about this setup and
you don't have to keep using the setup or
anything but I encourage you to
try using a set-up like this,
because then everything is so
easy to work with especially if
you're working on a side project.
That's one thing I should mention.
This course should be used for
jazzing up some of your side projects.
A lot of times developers are working on
something where they wanna show a dev
concept and
nobody cares because it looks not great or
it looks very bootstrappy or,
you know, what have you.
So hopefully this class gives you
enough kind of foundational concepts to
work off of where you're like, you know,
I can actually take this side project and
I can start from concept all the way
to execution and a published project.
And that's so exciting, right?
The idea that you don't have to
collaborate with someone if you don't want
to, you can work on something all on
your own, can be really, really freeing.
There's a whole piece of communication
that you don't have to have this like
whole back and
forth between what your intent and
intention is and how that's created,
that can all be you.
So in creating this you can
kind of see the setup for
an entire type project start to finish.
So it's a nice way to kind of keep
everything right at your fingertips.
So, what this course is?
This course is definitely a place to
understand some base concepts especially
if you're communicating
a lot with the designer and
they might reference something or,
you know,
you're not exactly sure why they're
making decisions they're making.
It gives you some concepts for that.
We talked a little bit
about side projects.
This course is definitely a place to get
some of those concepts so that you feel
like you know where to go from here and
you know how to build things on your own.
This course is definitely
a place to get resources, so
if there's stuff you're like,
how do they even start from here to there?
You have all of these extra materials
that tried to chalk it full of
other reading materials, other sites,
other things that you can look at and
ways that you can develop on your own.